leftover turkey here's the best leftover
ever Waldorf salad first make this
classic yogurt dressing in a large bowl
mix half a cup of plain yogurt 3
tablespoons of hellmann's mayonnaise 3
tablespoons of cider vinegar 1
tablespoon of sugar
and an eighth of a teaspoon of ground
black pepper blend all these ingredients
together now in the same bowl combine
two cups of cooked pasta half a cup of
coarsely chopped walnuts two cups of
shredded or dice turkey two cups of
sliced celery two cups of unpeeled
chopped apples
and gently fold together to coat
thoroughly with dressing Waldorf salad
made with your leftover turkey it's
almost as good as going to lunch at the
grand old hotel itself
you